Revised template parameter name checklist item (#827)
OctopusDeploy/Library: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

  - **NOTE** If you are modifying an existing step template, please make sure that you **do not** modify the `Id` property *(updating the `Id` will break the Library sync functionality in Octopus)*. 
- [ ] `Version` should be incremented, otherwise the integration with Octopus won't update the step template correctly
- [ ] Parameter names should not start with `$`

> - [ ] **Step template parameter names (the ones declared in the JSON not the script body) should be prefixed so that they are unlikely to clash with a user define variable** (see [this issue](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/2126)). For example use an abbreviated name of the step template or the category of the step template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Step template parameter names (the ones declared in the JSON, not the script body) should be prefixed with a namespace so that they are less likely to clash with other user-defined variables in Octopus** (see [this issue](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/2126)). For example, use an abbreviated name of the step template or the category of the step template).
```
